There once was a group of friends who loved to explore. They would travel together all over to investigate abandoned buildings. 
The trio was in search of the other worldly experiences that so many deserted structures are known for. Every summer, the three 
would pack their belongings and travel to whatever notorious site was scheduled for that year. In the past, they would scour 
the buildings, but not have similar experiences as the previous travelers would scout the site. This year was different. In the
past the three would pick the lesser of the paranormal buildings to explore, but this year, they were traveling to one of the best
known haunted buildings ever known. 

There was a building in northern Massechusetts that, before its abandonment, operated as a crematorium.  Its previous owner, a 
distrubed elderly man, who is now in prison, had unfortuneately used this crematorium as a location to execute his poor victims and
become one of the most famed serial killers of all time.  Noted for its paranormal activity, this was where the trio was headed this 
summer.  The three left their hometown, and 13 hours later, arrived at their hotel.  After unpacking and preparing, it was time for the
trio to embarck.  They left their hotel, and arrived at the crematorium shortly after. They walked up to the padlocked front door and 
peered in the window. They were hoping for something exciting, but they were no where near prepared for what they saw.

In the window they saw from a large distance a strange old man who appeared to look very similar to the elderly man who originally owned the crematorium. 
But, how was this possible? Could it be a ghost? With no fear in sight the group of friends picked the lock and heading straight inside. 
The crematorium was dusty and pitch black with only shines of light from the kids flashlights. As the lights traveled across the room
there it was a ghost, but not of the old owner it was a little girl. She spoke to the group, scaring them until they immdiately ran out of the
house. They were shivering and frightened and they learned their lesson to never go back there again. 
